very simple easy layout here bend it
slide solo down kind of post these frogs
are absolutely ridiculous
now that it's a fish people right there
beautiful fish
hey guys Jake Tom backspin here with
another review and this is another line
again this is for all you guys that fish
with braids I officially braids
sometimes but most of the time I'm using
mono and I use spider way when I do fish
look great and I found that this is the
best braid out there right now on the
market
I used the 20 pound test it's usually a
pound but it's it's a 20 pound test and
you're always gonna you never gonna lose
a fish on it it's not gonna break if you
get it stuck in the tree
there's no stretch in it and it's gonna
pull right through that tree and and you
can't break this with your bare hands
you will cut your hands up before you
ever break this line with your bare
hands by pulling on it so it's good I've
used it to pull my boat out of when I've
gotten it snagged I've pulled a boat
while being in the boat with it so it's
strong it's gonna hold up and if you get
125 yards this is the stealth braid and
the green in the moss green there's
different colors there's camo I forget
what else there side there's the moss
green and I did a few others that they
just came out with but this is a good
one here it's just the moss green cuz
I'm fishing a lot of green colored water
so that's what I use so if you want you
know something that's gonna do do good
this is a this is a braided line and
spider wire is going to put you to the
challenge and it will keep you satisfied
with your fishing you will not lose a
fish with spider wire so that's my
thoughts on spider wire and if you're
looking to get some new braids or you
want some new line for your pole you're
on a real I recommend the twenty pound
test like I said it's perfect for all
conditions and it's just the right size
so you can go higher if you wanted for
frog and or whatever but
this is just for general purpose fishing
so that's what I think and if you have
any comments or questions please give me
a holler in the comments below and as
always subscribe and thanks for watching
and be safe fishing and have fun